Updated elixir bob mentoring notes (#804)
exercism/website-copy: tracks/elixir/exercises/bob/mentoring.md

### Common suggestions

#### Hardcoding test data

> This is the first solution on the track and students will frequently hardcode test data to get a solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As first real exercise on the track, students will frequently hardcode test data to get to a solution.
```

> Generally they should be recomended to try to find a more general solution. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They should be recommended to find a more general solution. 
```

#### Hint functions for the truely stuck

> - https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/String.html#trim/1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [String#trim/1](https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/String.html#trim/1)
```

> - https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/String.html#trim/1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`String#trim/1`](https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/String.html#trim/1)
```

> - https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/String.html#ends_with?/2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [String#ends_with?/2](https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/String.html#ends_with?/2)
```

> - https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/String.html#ends_with?/2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`String#ends_with?/2`](https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/String.html#ends_with?/2)
```

> - https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/String.html#downcase/2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [String#downcase/2](https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/String.html#downcase/2)
```

> - https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/String.html#downcase/2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`String#downcase/2`](https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/String.html#downcase/2)
```

> - https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/String.html#upcase/2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [String#upcase/2](https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/String.html#upcase/2)
```

> - https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/String.html#upcase/2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`String#upcase/2`](https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/String.html#upcase/2)
```

> - String.upcase(input) != String.downcase(input) if there is a letter present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `String.upcase(input) != String.downcase(input)` if there is a letter present.
```

> - String.upcase(input) != String.downcase(input) if there is a letter present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `String.upcase(input) != String.downcase(input)` if there is a letter present.
```
